Update README (#561)
TanStack/db: README.md

	</a>
	<a href="https://bundlejs.com/?q=%40tanstack%2Fdb&config=%7B%22esbuild%22%3A%7B%22external%22%3A%5B%22react%22%2C%22react-dom%22%5D%7D%7D&badge=" target="\_parent">
	  <img alt="" src="https://deno.bundlejs.com/?q=@tanstack/db&config={%22esbuild%22:{%22external%22:[%22react%22,%22react-dom%22]}}&badge=detailed" alt="Bundle size" />
	</a>
</div>

<div align="center">
	<a href="#status">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-beta-yellow" alt="Status - BETA">
  </a>
	<a href="https://bestofjs.org/projects/tanstack-db">
		<img alt="Best of JS" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://bestofjs-serverless.now.sh/api/project-badge?fullName=TanStack%2Fdb%26since=daily" alt="Best of JS"/>
	</a>
	<a href="https://twitter.com/tan_stack">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/tan_stack.svg?style=social" alt="Follow @TanStack"/>
	</a>
</div>

<div align="center">
		
###  [Become a Sponsor!](https://github.com/sponsors/tannerlinsley/)
</div>

# TanStack DB 

> Tanstack DB is currently in BETA. See [the release post](https://tanstack.com/blog/tanstack-db-0.1-the-embedded-client-database-for-tanstack-query) for more details.

> A backend‑agnostic, real‑time data layer that powers live queries, local writes, and fine‑grained reactivity for complex apps.

Author: @thruflo how do you feel about this?

```suggestion
A reactive client store that lets you build fast, sync‑driven apps with a backend‑agnostic real‑time data layer:
```

- Blazing‑fast query engine for sub‑millisecond live queries, joins & aggregates  
- Fine‑grained reactivity to minimize component re‑rendering  
- Robust transaction primitives for optimistic mutations with sync & lifecycle support  
- Normalized data model that keeps backends simple and consistent

<a href="https://tanstack.com/db" style="font-weight:bold" >Read the docs →</a>
<br />

## Get Involved

- We welcome issues and pull requests!
- Participate in [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/TanStack/db/discussions)
- Chat with the community on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/WrRKjPJ)
- See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for setup instructions

## Partners

<table align="center">
<tr>
<td>
<a href="https://www.coderabbit.ai/?via=tanstack&dub_id=aCcEEdAOqqutX6OS" >

> <img src="https://tanstack.com/assets/coderabbit-light-DVMJ2jHi.svg" height="40" alt="Code Rabbit"/>

Author: Oh wow, this works with GH markdown??? I had no idea
